Tweak display x-rays line when using log norm and the line intensity is 0 (#2995)
hyperspy/hyperspy: upcoming_changes/2995.bugfix.rst

> Fix display x-rays line when using log norm and the intensity at the line is 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix display of x-ray lines when using log norm and the intensity at the line is 0
```
